fix(doc): fixing wording (#2036)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/zammad-ticketing/index.mdx

    ```
    echo "deb [signed-by=/usr/share/keyrings/elasticsearch-keyring.gpg] https://artifacts.elastic.co/packages/8.x/apt stable main" | tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/elastic-8.x.list
    ```
5. Update the `apt` package manager and install Elasticsearch.
    ```
    apt update && apt install -y elasticsearch
    ```
    <Message type="important">

>       Elasticsearch comes with authentication enabled by default for improved security. After installation the autogenerated password and other information displays. Save this information as you need them later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Elasticsearch comes with authentication enabled by default for improved security. After installation the autogenerated password and other information displays. Save this information as you will need it later on.
```
